```piece
title: can i once again find beauty in the dark?
slug: can-i-once-again-find-beauty-in-the-dark
date: 2021-01-17
description: ""

meta:
  song:
    name: Bambuco en Si Mayor
    artist: Teresa Gómez
    url: https://s3.amazonaws.com/zhammer-ink/bambuco-en-si-minor.mp3
```

can i  once again find beauty in the dark?
i’m in a barren field, looking out through tall grass
it had once been sunny and vast but now the sun’s gone down
now darkness stretches across the land
but to me it is small 
it extends only a feet away from me

i walk lightly through the grass, making crunching noi— crunching leaves, pushing tall blades of grass aside from the path ahead of me

are there others here? as there had been in day? are there animals? what are the sounds that i hear.

i would lay with my back against the ground but the tall reeds would obstruct my vision of the stars. had i a machete i would slash grass forward so as to reveal a long and listless path, maybe someone would find it.

i spend some sundays sad, isolated. quarantine is hard but this is not a new feeling. my social and emotional life depends on a very small web of people. i wish there were more!

i wish i had close friends on my block, i want warm nights playing cards by the lamp, so that people walking outside in the cold could look inside and see! and see a group of friends! i’ve been on both sides of the glass!

the grass blades are now made of glass. i see through a cosmic maze, starlight reflected in all directions, perhaps i see other people or it is my reflection. i’m suddenly frozen; glass does not bend. i would need a torch, not a machete, or a flamethrower, bustling flames before me like in a ray bradbury novel, so that all glass blades before me burned orange then light blue, green light from the mystic night i imagine, and then bend defeated to the ground, with ashy black burnt materal on the bended once lit glass.

months later i will spring forth from this maze of burnt and bent glass. i will find a small apothecary selling flossers and flowers submerged in amber, and i will buy an old but costly piece of petrified wood from when the first dinosaurs stood in fields staring at the moon while feasting on their prey. i was there, scurried in a hole, beneath a bush, the first mammal.
